Now let's actually start and use the AWS SDK.
Back in our Cloud 9 environment, let's first update our node package manager.
So let's just run our normal npm install ‑g and then
update npm to the latest version.
After npm is updated to the latest version, we can now install the CDK.
Make sure that you install version 1.58.
This is because there could be some breaking changes between CDK versions.
So for this course, make sure you're using version 1.58.
If you're installing a later version,
then make sure you double check the CDK documentation for breaking changes.
You can see if we type cdk ‑‑help,
we have several options and several commands we can actually use with the CDK.
Now let's make a folder for all of our CDK files.
This is going to be our project folder for the rest of the course.
Afterwards, you can run cdk init, and then you can initialize a sample app.
Make sure though that you inform CDK that you're going
to be using the Python language.
Now this will automatically create all of the subfolders and
the files you need to create a CDK app.
It will even create a Python virtual environment for you to manage dependencies.
You can see here on the left side of the screen all of the
files the CDK actually created for you.
This includes an app file for your application itself,
as well as an infrastructure_cdk folder for your different CDK stacks.
Now let's look at the app file.
You can see here that what I'm doing is I'm importing our
constructs from the infrastructure.cdk stack.
Afterwards, I am declaring the stack in the app,
and I am calling app.synth to actually create CloudFormation
templates that the CDK app can deploy later on.
Now let's look at the infrastructure_cdk sample file.
You can see here that we have a lot of different AWS services,
which we are importing as libraries into Python.
We also have a CDK stack where we are defining our resources or constructs.
Now if we type cdk ls, it'll actually error because we
haven't installed any of these packages yet.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to activate a virtual
environment by running source and running the activate file in
the virtual environment folder.
Afterwards,
we can install all of the dependencies using pip. Pip will
automatically install all of these dependencies into your
Python virtual environment, which was created by Cloud 9.
You can see in the setup.py file all of the prerequisites that
are required for this particular application.
And when we begin to start adding more resources, we'll
actually be editing this setup.py file.
Now let's try cdk ls again, and you can see that we can provision one
stack, the infrastructure‑cdk stack. If we run cdk synth, cdk synth
actually creates a CloudFormation template for us. Well this
CloudFormation template is the CloudFormation version of the stack
that I just showed you in Python.
I can even output this synth into a file, and then we can
actually view the file on our Cloud 9 environment. So this is a fully working CloudFormation file.